I see a DJ.
I keep thinking that there was kind of a not
nice carpet on the floor.
And I think that there was encouraging, welcoming
signs everywhere, so there’s a lot of paper.
[laughs]
I feel like a lot of people were drinking.
I liked sober sex more.
But I’m not sure if I knew that yet.
For me, there’s always a little bit of apprehension
when lots of people are drunk.
I think that alcohol was definitely something
I could both smell and sense.
So, you see lots of women dancing.
Really unaware of anything going on.
Lots of music, laughter.
A little chlorine [laughs] because it was right beside
the pool.
But sex.
The whole place.
You could sort of smell sex.
You’ve got to understand, it was packed. Like,
it was just packed.
You had people who were half naked, or just
wearing a towel around their waist.
Right? And a pair of flip flops.
Or just totally naked.
So, when you’re out at a bar, there’s always
music, right?
Like, loud thumping music.
And so, you don’t have the same sonic sense
of a hundred women in a space or 200, 300.
There, the music was lower.
It wasn’t a dance club.
The standout thing for me is the sound of
that many women having a really good time.